docs(framework): Document how to set a custom secretKey (#5765)
adap/flower: framework/docs/source/helm/how-to-deploy-superlink-using-helm.md

If both `key` and `existingSecret` are set, `existingSecret` takes precedence and the `key` value
will be ignored.

```{note}

> By default, the existing Secret must contain a key named `FLWR_LICENSE_KEY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `existingSecret` parameter must contain a key named `FLWR_LICENSE_KEY`.
```
